it is called mercury
the most sophisticated national security
code ever created
once we complete its installation it's
going to be very hard for our
adversaries to compromise our
communications and it has just been
broken by a nine-year-old boy where'd
you get this number
he's calling from his own house diamond
put down the phone honey we slipped a
message in the back of a puzzle magazine
we basically dared the amateurs to take
arrest sure that no one would ever call
but somebody did some people believe
there must be nothing that connects the
boy to this office am i clear that
anyone is expendable
but for special agent art Jeffries is
this supposed to be a missing kid it is
these are the parents this isn't just
anyone you can come on in there
nobody's gonna hurt ya my name is art
I'm your friends
he's autistic I'm not going to be able
to question this boy peddling her I'm
your friend seeing art is your friend
give him up take him back would you give
your own kid oh it's not your kid
right now he's nobody's kid by this
evening this entire situation will be
contained what's going on we're talking
about people who have the ear of the
President
this is way over a jihad you're telling
me a nine-year-old kid cracked the
government super code Simon what does
that say well it doesn't matter he can
read it that's why his life is in danger
from Universal Pictures and imagine
entertainment Bruce Willis occasions
your responsibility who's responsible
hitting Mercury Rising